This is a C Program to implement Hash Tables with Double Hashing.

## Problem Description
A hash table is a data structure used to implement an associative array, a structure that can map keys to values. A hash table uses a hash function to compute an index into an array of buckets or slots. To prevent the collision of two keys ,the idea of Double Hashing is used. In case any collision occurs when we just use traditional hash code evaluating function, another hash code is generated by some other function and both the hash codes are used to find a free space by probing through array elements.

## Problem Solution
1. Create an array of structure (i.e a hash table).
2. Take a key and a value to be stored in hash table as input.
3. Corresponding to the key, an index will be generated i.e every key is stored in a particular array index.
4. Using the generated index, access the data located in that array index.
5. In case of absence of data, create one and insert the data item (key and value) into it and increment the size of hash table.
6. In case the data exists, probe through the subsequent elements (looping back if necessary) for free space to insert new data item.
Note: Here, unlike quadratic and linear probing, we will first calculate another hash code of same key using formula-: hashcode2 = primeNum – (key % primeNum) , where primeNum is largest prime number less that array size
Probing formula after calculating hashcode2 -:
(hashcode1 + (h * hashcode2)) % arraySize , h = 1, 2, 3, 4 and so on
7. To display all the elements of hash table, element at each index is accessed (via for loop).
8. To remove a key from hash table, we will first calculate its index and delete it if key matches, else probe through elements (using above formula) until we find key or an empty space where not a single data has been entered (means data does not exist in the hash table).
9. Exit